Monsters, this is a monster.
Your Majesty.
The Queen Mother asked to see you.
Meet what?
Bold apples
Dare to use aphrodisiacs to charm us
There's also a male-like monster that's not female.
Transfer my password
From today
The Queen is a woman.
Take it to the cold palace.
And this monster.
Your Majesty, this child is out of breath.
This was born not long ago and has run out of steam on its own.
Wow.
My child.
Let me see my son.
The Queen
This kid's out of breath.
Let me see my son.
Your Majesty.
Please let them give me my baby.
Unfortunately.
It's about to be processed.
Don't.
It's you.
I killed you.
You killed my son.
Your Majesty save me!
Your Majesty.
You can't take this crazy woman away.
Come on.
Let's drag this queen.
Let me out!
Your Majesty.
I'm afraid.
Don't be afraid, Princess.
These days
I've frozen you.
Your Majesty.
I'm your fiancee.
I said you're a princess.
You're a princess.
Thank God Long An.
Wake up.
No, that's my son.
Ha ha ha
My lady, don't pretend anymore.
I know you're not crazy.
Four Hy Seedlings
I have no grudge against you.
Why are you targeting me?
No hatred.
Revenge mother
Life is hard to forget.
Kill Mom
Kill my mother.
Your mother is your mother.
That's right.
I hid in the cellar.
The eye sees
He wiped my mother's neck.
So that's it.
That year your mother helped that Yao woman compete with me.
Shit.
Now.
You compete with me.
Fuck you too.